---
layout:     post
title:      "HSC16 Wrap-Up"
subtitle:   "Reflecting on last spring."
author:     "Dr. Braxton Carrigan"
date:       2016-05-27 10:36:00
header-img: "img/home-bg.jpg"
---

Hello from Mathematical Puzzle Programs (MaPP)!

Our inaugural year of the MaPP High School Challenge has now come to a close. We've published all our competition materials at MaPPmath.org under a Creative Commons license, which gives you permission to use them in your classrooms (or anywhere else you want to promote mathematical puzzling!). A total of 16 different high school teams competed in the High School Challenge '16 (HSC16) at three different campuses across the country this spring. From the feedback we received from the students and teachers who attended, we can count this year as a huge success! We hope this enthusiasm continues as more students become inspired by mathematical puzzles in future years.

We have compiled the results from across the nation, and want to honor the following teams from each campus for their achievements during HSC16!

* The University of North Carolina at Charlotte
    * **Harding University High School**:
      First Place at UNCC & Puzzle 1 Fastest Solve in Nation
    * **Hunter Huss High School**:
      Puzzle 3 Fastest Solve in Nation
* Southern Connecticut State University
    * **Engineering and Science University Magnet School ("Team De-Cipher")**:
      First Place at SCSU
    * **North Haven High School ("Spicey Squad")**:
      Puzzle 2 Fastest Solve in Nation
* Lamar University
    * **Vidor High School Team 1**:
      First Place at Lamar
    * **Ozen High School Team 1**:
      Puzzle 5 Fastest Solve in Nation

We would like to thank Lamar University, Southern Connecticut State University and University of North Carolina at Charlotte for hosting HSC16, and we look forward to each of them hosting the event again next academic year. We are actively recruiting more institutions to host HSC17 and expect to add at least five more campuses during the coming year. In addition, we will be piloting a Middle School Challenge at Lamar University this fall for younger students!

We would also like to extend an open invitation for more campuses to join us in our mission, so if you would like to see MaPP events come to a campus near you, please contact our recruitment director Braxton Carrigan (<communications@mappmath.org>) or anyone else on our team: [http://mappmath.org/about/people/](/about/people/)

To receive updates, join our newsletter at MaPPmath.org if you haven't already, or follow us [@MaPPmath](http://twitter.com/MaPPmath) on Twitter. We look forward to puzzling with you again soon!
